[DOC] User guide section 3. model-agnostic methods: CFI (#402)
mind-inria/hidimstat: docs/src/model_agnostic_methods/total_sobol_index.rst

.. _total_sobol_index:

======================
Total Sobol Index
======================

The Total Sobol Index (TSI) :footcite:t:`sobol1993sensitivity` is a widely used measure of feature importance that is
rooted in sensitivity analysis. It can intuitively be defined by the performance drop
of a predictive model when a feature is removed, similarly to an ablation study. For a

> data generating process :math:`y = \mu(X) + \epsilon`, the TSI can be expressed as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regression problem, the TSI can be expressed as:
```

There is no need of this assumption for this expression.
